CQ 160 - Rules
Other Contests:
CQ WW
CQ WPX
CQ WW RTTY
CQ WPX RTTY
CQ 160
CQ VHF
WW DIGI
CQ World Wide 160-Meter Contest
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Home
Rules
Rules
Rules Archive
Plaques
Results
Results Articles
Final Scores
Club Scores
Soapbox Comments
Raw Scores SSB
Raw Scores CW
Entry Statistics
Records
By Region
USA Call Areas
Canada Provinces
New Records
Logs
Submitting Your Log
Cabrillo Log Upload
ADIF Log Converter
Cabrillo File Format
Logs Received - SSB
Logs Received - CW
Public Logs
Resources
Resources
Club Names
Location Names
REST API Reference
Contact Us
Contact Form
Organization
$(function() {
  if ($.fn.doubleTapToGo) {
    $('#nav li:has(ul)').doubleTapToGo();
  }
});
Rules
Download the 2026 CQ World Wide 160 Meter 
	Contest rules in PDF format
The 2026 CQ World Wide 160-Meter Contest
CW: 2200Z January 23 to 2200Z January 25
SSB: 2200Z February 27 to 2200Z March 1
DEADLINES FOR LOG SUBMISSIONS ARE 5 DAYS!
I. OBJECTIVE:
For amateurs around the world to contact other amateurs in as many U.S. states, 
		Canadian provinces, and countries as possible utilizing the 160 meter band.
II. BAND USE:
1810–2000 kHz in ITU Region 1. 1800–2000 
		kHz in ITU Regions 2 and 3. All entrants are encouraged to spread out as 
		much as possible, obeying frequency restrictions and power limits for their 
		own country.
Any violations of the ITU band use may result in disqualification.
Please be aware and considerate of other users of data modes such as FT8 in the contest
		band segments.
III. CATEGORIES:
For Single Operator Assisted Only:
The use of one and only one 
		remote receiver located within 100 kilometers of the main transmitter site 
		is permitted, in addition to the receiver at the transmitter site. 
		WebSDRs are OK, but must be located within the 100-KM limit. 
		The rule is designed to accommodate new technology, and for those who experience 
		high noise levels at the transmitting site.
Anyone found using a remote 
		receiver outside the limit will be subject to disqualification.
For all categories:
The main site is defined as all transmitters, 
		receivers, and antennas must be located on the same contiguous property. If 
		the property is not contiguous, then all equipment must fall within a 1500-meter 
		radius. All antennas must be connected by wires to the main station. This rule 
		applies to all entrants.
There is only ONE CQ Running frequency allowed for each station. “Flip Flopping” 
		between 2 frequencies during the same time period (thus taking up 2 frequencies) 
		is unsportsmanlike and will result in disqualification.
The use of any so-called “Chat Rooms” via the internet or similar means for 
		communication between stations or operators during the contest period is strictly 
		prohibited. Do not arrange or confirm QSOs by any other means than the use of the 
		160-meter band and the same mode as used in the contest. Any such use may result 
		in disqualification at the discretion of the committee. The use of self-spotting 
		is not allowed in any category.
Remote operation for UNASSISTED entries
is permitted under the 
		following conditions:
The use of any receiver located away from the main site is strictly 
			prohibited.
The use of a separate receiver at the remote control operator location is 
			strictly prohibited.
Any receiver not physically located at the main TX site is strictly prohibited.
			This includes receivers linked via the Internet or RF that are not located at the main TX site.
If the remotely operated station is located in another DXCC entity, it is required 
			to comply with all local country regulations.
Operating time: Each contest is 48 hours long and starts at 2200Z.
Single operator stations may only operate 30 out of the 48 hours. Multi-Operator 
		stations may operate 40 hours. Off times must be a minimum of 30 minutes 
		in length for all categories.
(A) Single Operator:
One person performs all of the operating, logging, 
		and spotting functions. Maximum operating time is 30 hours.
QSO finding assistance 
		is NOT allowed*
(See definition below).  Only one transmitted signal is allowed 
		at any moment in time. Maximum power is
1500 watts
total output.
(B) Single Operator/Low Power:
Same as (A) with the exception that the output power shall not exceed
100 
		watts
. Stations in this category compete with other Low Power stations only.
(C) QRP:
Same as (A) with the exception that the output power shall not exceed 5 
		watts. Stations in this category compete with other QRP stations only.
Note: All QRP stations may use
QSO finding assistance
.
(D) Single Operator Assisted/High Power:
Same as (A) with the following exceptions: The use of
QSO finding assistance
IS
allowed. The use of one and only one remote receiver within 100 kilometers of the 
		transmitter site is allowed.
(E) Single Operator Assisted/Low Power:
Same as (D) with the following 
		exceptions: Output power shall not exceed
100 watts
.
(F) Multi-Operator: HIGH POWER ONLY.
All rules apply as in Single Op Assisted (
except 
		remote receivers ARE NOT allowed
); however, more than one operator (person) 
		is involved in the operation. Maximum operating time is
40
hours. Only one 
		transmitted signal is allowed at any moment in time. Maximum power is
1500 watts
total or the output power allowed by your country, whichever is less.
*QSO FINDING ASSISTANCE:
The use of any technology or other source that 
		provides call sign or multiplier identification of a signal to the operator. 
		This includes, but is not limited to, use of a CW decoder, DX cluster, DX spotting 
		web sites (e.g., DX Summit), local or remote call sign and frequency decoding 
		technology (e.g., CW Skimmer or Reverse Beacon Network), or operating arrangements 
		involving other individuals.
IV. EXCHANGE:
RS(T) and state for U.S., province for Canada, and CQ Zone for DX. Note: 
		Zones are location indicators only and do not count for multipliers.
V. MULTIPLIER:
U.S. States:
(48 contiguous states); U.S. District of Columbia (DC) (1)
Canadian Provinces:
(14) VO1, VO2, NB, NS, PEI (VY2), VE2, VE3, VE4, VE5, VE6, VE7, VE8 (NT), 
		VY1 (YT), VY0 (NU). Note VO1 and VO2 are separate due to tradition.
DXCC countries and including WAE countries:
WAE: 1AØ, 3A, 4O, 4U1I, 4U1V, 9A, 9H, C3, CT, CU, DL, E7, EA, EA6, EI, ER, ES, 
		EU, F, G, GD, GI, GJ, GM, GM/s, GU, GW, HA, HB, HBØ, HV, I, IS, 
		IT (without IG9/IH9 Zone 33 which are listed in Africa), JW, JW/b, JX, LA, LX, 
		LY, LZ, OE, OH, OHØ, OJØ, OK, OM, ON, OY, OZ, PA, R1F, RA, RA2, S5, SM, SP, SV, 
		SV/A, SV5, SV9, T7, TA1, TF, TK, UR, YL, YO, YU, Z6, Z3, ZA, ZB.
VI. POINTS:
Contacts with stations in own country: 2 points.
Contacts with other countries on same continent: 5 points.
Contacts with other continents: 10 points
Maritime mobile contacts count 5 points. There is no multiplier value 
		for a maritime mobile contact.
VII. SCORING:
All stations—the final score is the result of the total QSO points 
		multiplied by the sum of all multipliers (states, VE provinces, DX countries).
VIII. AWARDS:
Certificates will be awarded to all entries. They are downloadable and located here:
		<
https://cq160.com/scores.htm
>
Trophies will be awarded for top scorers in many categories. The trophies and donors 
		for all categories can be found here:
https://cq160.com/plaques.htm
>
If you are interested in sponsoring a plaque, please contact 
		us at: <
questions@CQ160.com
>.
IX. CLUB COMPETITION:
Any club that submits at least three logs may enter the Club Competition. The name of the club
		must be clearly identified under club competition on the summary sheet, or summary portion of
		the Cabrillo log. Please make sure all entrants from your club use the same club name (spelled
		the same) in the Cabrillo entry. Most club names can be found here:
		<
https://cq160.com/clubnames.htm
>
The club score is the total aggregate score from logs submitted by members.
A. USA Clubs:
Participation is limited to club members residing within a 250 mile radius
		circle from the center of club area.
B. DX Clubs:
Participation is limited to club members residing within EITHER the DXCC
		country where the club is located OR within a 400 km radius circle from the center of the club.
C. General Club Rules:
National organizations (e.g., JARL, REF or DARC) are not eligible for the club competition.
Single-operator entries may only contribute to one club. Multi-operator scores may be allocated to 
		multiple clubs as a percentage of the number of club members participating in the operation. The log 
		entry must spell out the full club name (and club allocations if multi-op).
A minimum of three logs must be received for a club to be listed in the results. Checklog entries 
		are not counted for the club score.
The word “reside” shall be defined as: To dwell permanently or continuously or to
		occupy a place as a person's fixed, permanent, and principal home for legal purposes.
X. LOG INSTRUCTIONS:
The deadline for log submissions is 5 days from the end of the contest.
For CW this is 2200z January 30, 2026.
For SSB this is 2200z March 6, 2026.
The submission of Cabrillo logs is required. Please submit CQ WW 160 Meter Contest 
		logs via the web upload tool found at:
https://cq160.com/logcheck/
A. The log MUST show the following for each contact: correct date and time in UTC, call 
		sign of the station worked, exchange sent, and exchange received. A log without all 
		required information may be reclassified to Checklog. Contacts should be logged 
		immediately as they are completed. Stations competing for World, Zone, Continent and 
		USA awards must provide accurate frequencies for all contacts in the log.
B. Instructions for NON-CABRILLO electronic logs: If you are not able to submit a 
		CABRILLO format log, please contact the Contest Director for assistance with submitting 
		another format.
C. Entry Confirmation: All logs received will be confirmed via e-mail. A listing of logs 
		received can be found at <
www.cq160.com
>.
D. Log withdrawal: An entrant may withdraw the submitted log for any reason within 30 
		days of the log deadline. Contact the Contest Director for instructions.
XI. PENALTIES AND DISQUALIFICATION:
Logs will be cross-checked and penalties will be applied at the committee’s 
		discretion for contacts determined to be bad or busted. The bad QSO is removed 
		and a penalty of two more equivalent QSOs is applied to the points only. 
		No penalty should be applied for unique QSOs unless they are deemed excessive. 
		A log may be disqualified for violation of amateur radio regulations, unsportsmanlike 
		conduct, or claiming excessive unverified contacts.
Report file outputs showing final score calculations will be available 
		for all entrants after the results are published. The decisions of the CQ 
		WW 160 Contest Committee are final.
XII. DECLARATION:
By submitting a CQ 160 Meter Contest log, and in consideration of the efforts of the 
		CQ WW 160 Contest Committee to review and evaluate that log, an entrant unconditionally 
		and irrevocably agrees that he/she has: 1) read and understood the rules of the 
		contest and agrees to be bound by them, 2) operated according to all rules and 
		regulations that pertain to amateur radio for the station location, 3) agreed 
		the log entry may be made open to the public, and 4) accepted 
		that the issuing of disqualifications and other decisions of the Committee are official 
		and final. If an entrant is unwilling or unable to agree to all of the foregoing, the 
		entrant should not submit the entry or submit the entry as a Checklog only.
Copyright © 
2010-2026
World Wide Radio Operators Foundation, Inc.
. All Rights Reserved.
window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'G-1EKCYZL4MZ');