CQ VHF  - Rules
@media only screen and (max-width: 400px) {
            /* For mobile phones: */
            [class*="w3-bar-block w3-card-2 w3-right"] {
                min-width: 45%;
            }
        }
Other Contests:
CQ WW
CQ WPX
CQ WW RTTY
CQ WPX RTTY
CQ 160
CQ VHF
WW DIGI
CQ World Wide VHF Contest
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Home
Rules
Rules
Rules (pdf)
Rules Archive
Plaques
Results
Results Articles
Final Scores SSB/CW
Final Scores Digital
Final Scores (2000-2024)
Club Scores
Scatter Comments
Entry Statistics
Records
Records SSB/CW
Records Digital
Records (2000-2024)
Logs
How to Submit Your Log
Cabrillo Log Upload
ADIF Log Converter
Cabrillo File Format
Logging FT8 QSOs
Club Names
Logs Received - Digital
Logs Received - SSB/CW
Contact Us
Contact Form
Organization
$( function()
	{
		$( '#nav li:has(ul)' ).doubleTapToGo();
	});
Rules - 2026 CQ World-Wide VHF Contest
SSB/CW/FM
Begins: 1400 UTC Saturday, July 4, 2026
Ends: 1400 UTC Sunday, July 5, 2026
Digital
Begins: 1400 UTC Saturday, July 18, 2026
Ends: 1400 UTC Sunday, July 19, 2026
I. OBJECTIVE
The objectives of this contest are for amateurs around the world to contact as many amateurs as 
possible in the contest period, to promote VHF, to allow VHF operators the opportunity to experience 
the enhanced propagation available at this time of year, and for interested amateurs to collect VHF 
Maidenhead grid locators for award credits.
II. BANDS
All amateur radio frequencies on 50 MHz (6 meters) and 144 MHz (2 meters) may be used as authorized 
by local law and license class. Work stations
once per band
.
III. MODES
Only analog modes (SSB/CW/FM) during the SSB/CW weekend.
Only digital modes (FT4, FT8, MSK144, Q65, etc) during the Digital weekend.
IV. CONTEST EXCHANGE
Callsign and Maidenhead grid locator (4 characters, e.g., EM15). Signal reports are not required 
and should not be included in the log entry.
V. MULTIPLIERS
The multiplier is the number of different grid locators worked per band. A grid locator is counted 
once per band. Exception: The Rover who moves into a new grid locator may count the same grid locator 
more than once per band as long as the Rover is in a new grid locator location. 
Such change in location must be clearly indicated in the Rover's log.
A Rover station becomes a new QSO to the stations working him or her when that rover changes grid locator.
The grid locator is the four-character Maidenhead grid (e.g. EM15).
VI. SCORING
One (1) point per QSO on 50 MHz and two (2) points per QSO on 144 MHz. Multiply total QSO points 
times total number of grid locators (GL) worked.
Rovers: For each new grid locator visited, contacts and grid locators count as new. Final Rover score 
is the sum of contact points made from each grid locator times the sum of all grid locators worked 
from all grids visited.
Example 1. K1GX works stations as follows:
50 QSOs (50 x 1 = 50) and 25 GLs (25 multipliers) on 50 MHz
35 QSOs (35 x 2 = 70) and 8 GLs (8 multipliers) on 144 MHz
K1GX has 120 QSO points (50 + 70 = 120) x 33 multipliers
(25 + 8 = 33) = 3,960 total points.
Example 2. AC0RA/R works stations as follows:
From EN52: 50 QSOs (50 x 1 = 50) and 25 GLs (25 multipliers) on 50 MHz
From EN52: 40 QSOs (40 x 2 = 80) and 10 GLs (10 multipliers) on 144 MHz
From EN51: 60 QSOs (60 x 1 = 60) and 30 GLs (30 multipliers) on 50 MHz
From EN51: 20 QSOs (20 x 2 = 40) and 5 GLs (5 multipliers) on 144 MHz
AC0RA/R has 230 QSO points (50 + 80 + 60 + 40) x 70 multipliers
(25 + 10 + 30 + 5) = 16,100 total point
VII. ENTRY CATEGORIES
For all categories (except Rover): Transmitters and receivers must be located within a 500-meter 
diameter circle.  Antennas must be physically connected by RF transmission lines to the transmitters 
and receivers.  Stations in any category, except Rover, shall operate from a single location, home 
or portable.  All entry categories may transmit on 6 meters and 2 meters simultaneously.  Only one 
transmit signal per band is allowed.
Single Operator
: One person (the operator) performs all operating and logging functions.
High Power (All Band or Single Band):  Total output power must not exceed 1500 watts.
Low Power (All Band or Single Band):  Total output power must not exceed 100 watts.
QRP (All Band or Single Band):  Total output power must not exceed 10 watts.
Hilltopper
: This is a single-op portable category for an all-band entry limited in time to a 
maximum of 6 continuous hours. Backpackers and portables who do not want to devote resources and time 
to the full contest period are encouraged to participate, especially to activate rare grids.  Any 
power source is acceptable.  Total output power must not exceed 100 watts.
Rover
: A Rover station is one manned by no more than two operators, travels to more than one 
grid location, and signs "Rover" or "/R" with no more than one callsign.
Multi-Op
. A multi-op station is one with two or more operators. Only one signal per 
band is allowed.
VI. ASSISTANCE
All entrants, regardless of category, are permitted to use spotting assistance or nets including 
but not limited to DX-alerting nets, internet chat rooms, APRS and other packet, reverse beacon networks 
and repeaters to identify stations available for contacts and to announce their availability for contacts.
Such assistance may NOT be used to convey receipt or non-receipt of any required element of a 
contact or to request a repeat of any required element of a contact during a QSO.  It is acceptable to 
use assistance to let your QSO partner that you have successfully received all required information to 
complete a valid QSO (eg:  Telling a partner in an MSK144 QSO that you have received his RRR or RR73 transmission).
Rovers may use APRS or other assistance methods to announce their location and frequency.
IX. AWARDS
Electronic certificates will be made available for download for everyone that submits an entry. 
Plaques will be awarded to the highest scoring stations where sponsored. They are offered in various 
categories on a sponsored basis. Clubs and individual plaque donors are sought and may find information 
on how to sponsor a CQWW VHF Contest plaque at 
<
https://cqww-vhf.com/plaques.htm
>.
X. CLUB COMPETITION
The club score is the total aggregate score from logs submitted by members and includes scores 
from both the SSB/CW and Digital contests.
There are two separate club competition categories:
USA Clubs
: Participation is limited to club members residing within a 250 mile radius circle from 
the center of club area.
DX Clubs
: Participation is limited to club members residing within EITHER the DXCC country where 
the club is located OR within a 400 km radius circle from the center of club.
The word “reside” shall be defined as: To dwell permanently or continuously or to occupy a place as a 
person's fixed, permanent, and principal home for legal purposes.
General club rules:
National organizations (e.g., JARL, REF or DARC) are not eligible for the club competition.
Spell out the full name of the club. See examples of active club names at 
<
https://cqww-vhf.com/clubnames.htm
>.
Single-operator entries may only contribute to one club. Multi-operator scores may be allocated 
to multiple clubs as a percentage of the number of club members participating in the operation. The log 
entry must spell out the full club name (and club allocations if multi-op).
A minimum of three logs must be received for a club to be listed in the results. Checklog entries 
are not counted for the club score.
XI. MISCELLANEOUS
An operator may sign only one callsign during the contest. This means that an operator cannot generate 
QSOs by first signing his callsign, then signing his daughter's callsign, even though both callsigns are 
assigned to the same location.
A station located exactly on a dividing line of a grid locator must choose only one grid locator from 
which to operate for exchange purposes.
A different multiplier cannot be given out without moving the complete station at least 100 meters.
Use of commonly recognized repeater frequencies is prohibited. Recognized FM simplex frequencies such as 146.49, .52, 
.55, and .58, and local-option simplex channels may be used for contest purposes.
Repeater and satellite QSOs are not valid for contest credit.
Aeronautical mobile contacts do not count.
UTC is the required logging time.
XII. LOG SUBMISSIONS
Log entries must be submitted by
July 10, 2026
for the SSB/CW/FM contest and
July 24, 2026
for the Digital contest to be eligible for awards.
An extension may be requested by e-mail to <
director@cqww-vhf.com
>. 
The request must state a legitimate reason and must be received before the log deadline. Extensions are granted 
only upon confirmation by the Contest Director.
Logs submitted after the deadline may be listed in the results, but are not eligible for awards.
The CABRILLO file format is the standard for logs. See 
<
https://cqww-vhf.com/cabrillo.htm
> for detailed 
instructions on filling out the CABRILLO file header. Note: U.S. stations must indicate the station location 
in the CABRILLO header (e.g., LOCATION: OH).
Valid entries in the mode field of QSO: lines
SSB/CW contest:  CW, FM or PH
Digital contest: DG
Web upload of Cabrillo log files is the only method of log submission. Web upload is available at 
<
https://cqww-vhf.com/logcheck/
>.
An ADIF Converter is provided for convenience and, at present, is suitable only for FIXED station logs. It is 
available at <
https://cqww-vhf.com/adif/
>.
Entry Confirmation: All logs received will be confirmed via email. A listing of logs received can be viewed at 
<
https://cqww-vhf.com/logs_received.htm
>
XIII. DECLARATION
Your submission of a log entry affirms that: (1) you have abided by all the rules of the contest as well 
as those of your country's licensing authority; (2) you accept any decisions made regarding your entry by 
the contest's adjudication process which are official and final.
Questions pertaining to the CQ WW VHF Contest rules may be sent to 
<
questions@cqww-vhf.com
>.
Copyright © 
2011-2026
World Wide Radio Operators Foundation, Inc.
. All Rights Reserved.
window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'G-W8W699LCG0');