CQ WW RTTY - Rules
window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'G-MT1NLXVLBT');
Other Contests:
CQ WW
CQ WPX
CQ WW RTTY
CQ WPX RTTY
CQ 160
CQ VHF
WW DIGI
CQ WW RTTY Contest
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Home
Rules
Rules
Rules Archive
Plaques
Results
Results Articles
Final Scores
Overlay Scores
Club Scores
Soapbox Comments
Raw Scores
Entry Statistics by Entity
Entry Statistics by Category
Records
By Region
New Records in Year
New Overlay Records
Winners by Year
Highest QSO Rates
Logs
Submitting Your Log
Cabrillo Log Upload
ADIF File Converter
Cabrillo File Format
Notes for MixW Users
Logs Received
Public Logs
Resources
Club Names
Location Names
REST API Reference
Contact Us
Contact Form
Organization
$( function()
	{
		$( '#nav li:has(ul)' ).doubleTapToGo();
	});
Rules
Translations (pdf)
English
Shqip [Albanian]
العربية [Arabic]
Հայերեն [Armenian]
Беларуская [Belarusian]
Bosanski [Bosnian]
Български [Bulgarian]
粵語 [Cantonese]
中文 [Chinese]
Čeština [Czech]
Hrvatski [Croatian]
Dansk [Danish]
Nederlands [Dutch]
Eesti [Estonian]
Pilipino [Filipino]
Suomeksi [Finnish]
Français
[French]
ქართული [Georgian]
Deutsch [German]
Έλληνες
[Greek]
עברית [Hebrew]
हिंदी [Hindi]
Magyar [Hungarian]
Íslenska [Icelandic]
Indonesia [Indonesian]
Gaeilge [Irish]
Italiano [Italian]
日本語 [Japanese]
한국어 [Korean]
Latviešu [Lativian]
Lietuvių [Lithuaian]
Lëtzebuergesch [Luxembourgish]
Македонски [Macedonian]
Bahasa Melayu [Malay]
ᠮᠣᠩᠭᠣᠯ ᠬᠡᠯᠡ [Mongolian]
မြန်မာလူမျိုး [Myanmar (Burmese)]
Norsk [Norwegian]
Polska [Polish]
Português [Portuguese]
Româna [Romanian]
Русские [Russian]
Srpski [Serbian]
Slovenščina [Slovenian]
Slovensko [Slovakian]
Español [Spanish]
Svenska [Swedish]
ภาษาไทย [Thai]
Türkçe [Turkish]
Українські [Ukranian]
người Việt Nam [Vietmanese]
Cymraeg [Welch]
Archive
Rules from previous years
The 2026 CQ World Wide RTTY DX Contest
September 26-27
Starts 00:00:00 UTC Saturday -- Ends 
		23:59:59 UTC Sunday
I. OBJECTIVE:
For amateurs around the world to contact as many 
		other amateurs in as many CQ zones, countries and W/VE QTHs as possible.
II. BANDS:
Five bands only: 3.5, 7, 14, 21 and 28 MHz. Observance 
		of established band plans is strongly encouraged.
III. CONTEST EXCHANGE:
RST report plus CQ zone number of the station location (
		e.g., 599 05). Stations in the continental USA and Canada also send QTH (e.g., 599 05 MA). 
		See IV.C.3. below.
IV. SCORING:
A. Score:
The final score is the result of the total QSO points 
		multiplied by the sum of zone, country and QTH multipliers. Example: 1000 
		QSO points * (30 Zones + 70 Countries + 35 W/VE QTHs) = 135,000 (final score).
B. QSO Points:
Stations may be contacted once on each band. QSO 
		points are based on the location of the station worked.
Contacts between stations on different continents 
			count three (3) points.
Contacts between stations on the same continent 
			but in different countries count two (2) points.
Contacts between stations in the same country 
			count one (1) point.
C. Multipliers:
There are three types of multipliers.
Zone: A multiplier of one (1) for each 
			different CQ zone contacted on each band. The CQ Worked All Zones rules 
			are the standard.
Country: A multiplier of one (1) for each 
			different country contacted on each band. The DXCC entity list, Worked All 
			Europe (WAE) multiplier list plus IG9/IH9, and continental boundaries are 
			standards for defining country multipliers. Maritime mobile stations count 
			only for a zone multiplier.
W/VE QTH: A multiplier of one (1) for 
			each continental US state (48), The District of Columbia and each Canadian call area (14) 
			contacted on each band. Please use only official U.S. Postal Service abbreviations 
			to identify states (e.g., Michigan = MI, Massachusetts = MA, Ohio = OH, 
			The District of Columbia = DC). 
			Note:  Alaska (KL7) and 
			Hawaii (KH6) are counted as country multipliers only and not as state multipliers. 
			Canadian call areas (14 total) are as follows: NB (VE9), NS (VE1), QC 
			(VE2), ON (VE3), MB (VE4), SK (VE5), AB (VE6), BC (VE7), NWT (VE8), NF (VO1), 
			LB (VO2), NU (VY0), YT (VY1), PEI (VY2).
V. ENTRY CATEGORIES:
A. Single Operator Categories:
One person (the operator) performs 
		all operating and logging functions. There is no limit on operating time 
		or band changes. Only one transmitted signal is permitted at any time.
1. Single Operator:
QSO finding assistance of any kind is prohibited 
		(see VIII.2).
a. High Power (All Band or Single Band):
Total output power must 
		not exceed
1500 watts.
b. Low Power (All Band or Single Band):
Total output power must 
		not exceed
100 watts.
c. QRP (All Band or Single Band):
Total output power must not 
		exceed
5 watts.
2. Single Operator Assisted:
Entrants in this category may use 
		QSO finding assistance (see VIII.2).
a. High Power Assisted (All Band or Single Band):
Total output 
		power must not exceed
1500 watts.
b. Low Power Assisted (All Band or Single Band):
Total output 
		power must not exceed
100 watts.
c. QRP Assisted (All Band or Single Band):
Total output power 
		must not exceed
5 watts.
B. Single Operator Overlay Categories:
Any Single Operator entrant 
		that meets the requirements may ALSO enter one of the categories shown below 
		by adding the appropriate CATEGORY-OVERLAY line in the Cabrillo log file 
		header. Overlay category entries will be listed separately in the results; 
		scored as All Bands; and grouped by High Power and Low Power (includes QRP).
1. Classic Operator (CLASSIC):
The entrant will use only one radio, 
		no QSO finding assistance, and may operate up to 24 of the 48 hours --
off times are a minimum of 60 minutes during which no QSO is logged
. 
		If the log shows more than 24 hours of operation, only the first 24 hours 
		will be counted for the overlay score. Receiving while transmitting is prohibited. Single Operator 
		Assisted entries are not eligible for this category.
2. Rookie (ROOKIE):
The operator was first licensed as a radio 
		amateur less than three (3) years before the date of the contest. Indicate 
		the date first licensed in the SOAPBOX field. Previous Rookie winners are ineligible for plaques in 
		this category.
3. Youth (YOUTH):
The operator was 25 years old or younger at the 
		start of the contest. Indicate the birth date in the SOAPBOX field.
C. Multi-Operator Categories (all-band operation only):
Any number 
		of operators is allowed. QSO finding assistance is allowed. Only one transmitted 
		signal per band is permitted at any time.
1. Multi-Single:
Only one transmitted signal 
		on one band permitted at any time (run station/signal). Exception: One--and 
		only one--other transmitted signal (multiplier station/signal) may be used, 
		if—and only if—it is on a different band than the run transmitted 
		signal and the station worked is a new multiplier. The run and 
		multiplier transmitted signals may each make a maximum of 8 band changes per clock 
		hour (00 through 59 minutes). The log must indicate which transmitted 
		signal (run or multiplier) made each QSO. The multiplier transmitted signal may not call CQ 
		(solicit contacts).
a.
High Power:
Total output power must not exceed
1500 
		watts
on any band at any time.
b. Low Power:
Total output power must not exceed
100 watts
on any band at any time.
2. Multi-Two:
A maximum of two transmitted 
		signals may be used at any time, and they must be on two different bands. The log must indicate 
		which station/signal made each QSO. Each station/signal may make a maximum of 
		8 band changes in any clock hour (00 through 59 minutes). Total output power 
		must not exceed
1500 watts
on any band at any time.
3. Multi-Multi:
The five contest bands 
		may be activated simultaneously. Only one transmitted signal per band is 
		permitted at any time. Total output power must not exceed
1500 watts
on any band at any time.
4. Multi-Distributed:
A maximum of five transmitted signals, 
		one per band at any one time, from stations in different locations. All equipment (transmitters, 
		receivers, amplifiers, antennas, etc.) must be in the same DXCC entity and CQ Zone, including remotely 
		controlled equipment. Five bands may be activated simultaneously. Total output power of each transmitted 
		signal must not exceed
1500 watts
. The Cabrillo log header must include the following lines: 
		CATEGORY-OPERATOR: MULTI-OP, CATEGORY-STATION: DISTRIBUTED. Rules IX.5 and IX.6 do not apply to this 
		category.
D. Checklog:
Entry submitted to assist with the log checking. 
		The entry will not have a score in the results and the log will not be made 
		public.
VI. AWARDS:
A single-band log will be eligible for a 
		single-band award only. A log containing more than one band will be 
		judged as an all-band entry unless specified as a single-band entry.
A. Certificates:
Electronic certificates will be made 
		available for download for everyone that submits an entry by the log 
		deadline.
B. Plaques:
Plaques are awarded for top performance 
		in a number of categories. View the current list of plaques and sponsors 
		at
cqwwrtty.com/plaques.htm
. Only one plaque 
		will be awarded per entry. A station winning a plaque will not be considered 
		for a sub-area award; the plaque will be awarded to the runner-up in that 
		area.
VII. CLUB COMPETITION:
The club score is the total aggregate score 
		from logs submitted by members. There are two separate club competition 
		categories.
A. USA Clubs:
Participation is limited to club members residing within a 250 mile 
		radius circle from the center of club area.
B. DX Clubs:
Participation is limited to club members residing within EITHER the DXCC 
		entity where the club is located OR within a 400 km radius circle from the center of club area.
C. General club rules:
National organizations (e.g., JARL, REF or DARC) are not eligible for the club competition.
Single-operator entries may only contribute to one club. Multi-operator scores may be 
			allocated to multiple clubs as a percentage of the number of club members participating 
			in the operation. The log entry must spell out the full club name (and club allocations if 
			multi-op).
A minimum of four logs must be received for a club to be listed in the results. 
			Checklog entries are not counted for the club score.
The word "reside" shall be defined as: To dwell permanently or 
			continuously or to occupy a place as a person's fixed, permanent and 
			principal home for legal purposes.
Eligibe club members may contribute their DXpedition scores to their organization's 
			club score.
VIII. DEFINITIONS OF TERMS:
1. Station location:
The area in which all the transmitters, receivers 
		and antennas are located. All transmitters, receivers and amplifiers must be within 
		a single 500-meter diameter circle. Antennas must be physically connected 
		by RF transmission lines to the transmitters and receivers.
2. QSO finding assistance:
The use of any technology or other 
		source that provides call sign or multiplier identification of a signal 
		to the operator, other than a single-channel RTTY decoder. This includes, 
		but is not limited to, use of a wide-band multi-channel RTTY decoder, DX 
		cluster, DX spotting web sites (e.g., DX Summit), local or remote call sign 
		and frequency decoding technology (e.g., RTTY Skimmer or Reverse Beacon 
		Network), or operating arrangements involving other individuals.
IX. GENERAL RULES FOR ALL ENTRANTS:
1.
Entrants must operate within the limits of their chosen category when 
		performing any activity that could impact their submitted score.
2.
A different call sign must be used for each entry. Only the entrant’s 
		call sign may be used to aid the entrant’s score.
3.
Do not exceed the total output power limitation of the chosen entry 
		category on any band. Total output power on any band at any time is measured at 
		the output of the active amplifier(s).
4.
Self-spotting or asking to be spotted is not permitted.
5.
Remote operation is permitted if the physical location of all transmitters, 
		receivers, and antennas are at the station location. A remotely operated 
		station must obey all station license, operator license, and category limitations. 
		The call sign used must be one issued or permitted by the Regulatory Authority 
		of the station location.
6.
Remote receivers outside the station location are not permitted.
7.
Only one signal on a band is allowed at any time. When two or more 
		transmitters are present on the same band, a hardware device MUST be used 
		to prevent more than one signal at any one time. Alternating CQs on two 
		or more frequencies on a band is not allowed.
8.
All requests for contacts, responses to calls, and copying of call 
		signs and contest exchanges must be accomplished during the contest period 
		using the mode and frequencies of the contest.
9.
Correction of logged call signs and exchanges after the contest, by 
		use of any database, recordings, email or other methods is not allowed.
10.
Only 45.45 Baud. 170 Hz shift ITA2 mode is permitted.
11.
A human operator must initiate the following actions at all times: 1) changing receive or transmit 
		frequencies, 2) calling a QSO partner, 3) logging a QSO. Autonomous systems or robots that emulate these 
		actions are prohibited.
X. LOG INSTRUCTIONS:
Electronic submission of logs is
required
for all entrants.
1. The log MUST show the following for each contact:
correct date 
		and time in UTC, frequency (or band), call sign of the station worked, exchange 
		sent, and exchange received. A log without all required information may 
		be reclassified to Checklog. Contacts should be logged at the time they 
		are completed. Stations competing for World and Continent awards must provide 
		accurate frequencies for all contacts in the log.
2. Single band entrants are required to include all contacts
made during the contest period, even if on other bands. Only contacts made 
		on the band specified in the Cabrillo header will be considered for scoring purposes. 
		Logs with contacts only on one band will be classified as single band entries.
3. The CABRILLO file format is the standard for logs.
See
cqwwrtty.com/cabrillo.htm
for detailed instructions on filling out the 
		CABRILLO file header. Failure to fill out the header correctly may result 
		in the entry being placed in the wrong category or reclassified as a Checklog. 
		Note: USA and Canada stations must indicate the operating location in 
		the CABRILLO header (e.g., LOCATION: OH); other stations indicate 'DX' 
		(e.g., LOCATION: DX).
4. Web upload is the only method of log submission.
Web upload is available at
cqwwrtty.com/logcheck/
.
5. Instructions for NON-CABRILLO electronic logs:
If you are not 
		able to submit a CABRILLO format log, please contact the Contest Director 
		for assistance with submitting another format.
6. Entry Confirmation:
All logs received will be confirmed via 
		email. A listing of logs received can be found at
cqwwrtty.com/logs_received.html
.
7. Log withdrawal:
after of the log deadline. Contact the Contest Director 
		for instructions.
XI. LOG DEADLINE:
1.
All entries must be sent WITHIN 48 HOURS after the end 
		of the contest: no later than 2359 UTC September 29, 2026. Resubmitting an 
		entry after the deadline will result in it being considered as a late log.
2.
An extension 
		may be requested at
cqwwrtty.com/contact/
. 
		The request must state a legitimate reason and must be received before the 
		log deadline. Extensions are granted only upon confirmation by the Contest 
		Director.
3.
Logs submitted 
		after the deadline may be listed in the results, but will not be eligible for awards.
XII. JUDGING:
The CQ WW RTTY DX Contest Committee is responsible 
		for checking and adjudicating the contest entries. Entrants are expected 
		to follow the rules and best amateur radio practices. Violation of the rules 
		of the contest or unsportsmanlike conduct may lead to disciplinary action 
		by the Committee.
A. Unsportsmanlike Conduct:
Examples of unsportsmanlike conduct 
		include, but are not limited to:
1.
Arranging or confirming any contacts during or after the contest 
		by use of ANY non-amateur radio means such as telephones, Internet, instant 
		messaging, chat rooms, VoIP, email, social media or web sites
2.
Transmissions by the entrant on frequencies outside of license 
		limitations.
3.
Changing times in the log to meet band change or off time rules.
4.
Taking credit for excessive unverifiable QSOs or unverifiable 
		multipliers.
5.
Signals with excessive bandwidth (e.g., splatter, clicks) or 
		harmonics on other bands.
6.
Running stations making more than three consecutive contacts 
		without sending their call sign.
B. Audio Recordings:
Any single operator entrant (see V.A.1) 
		competing for a top five finish at the (a) World, (b) Continent, or (c) 
		USA levels, including Classic Overlay, must record the transmitted and 
		received audio as heard by the operator for the duration of the contest 
		operation. The recording must be in a common format (e.g., mp3) and 
		should include the audio to each ear as a separate channel. The 
		recording must be a continuous recording (not a recording of individual 
		QSOs). Time “off the air” (when not transmitting or receiving) does not 
		have to recorded. The recording may be requested by the Committee within 
		90 days after the log deadline to help adjudicate the log. The 
		recording files must be provided by the entrant within 5 days of the 
		request.
Failure to submit a requested audio recording may result in the 
		reclassification of a log entry or disqualification.
C. Station Information:
Entrants must agree to supply the following 
		information upon request of the Contest Committee:
1.
Details and photographs of ther station equipment, antennas, amplifiers, 
		switching systems, interlocks, etc.
D. Disciplinary Actions:
In the event of a violation, the entrant 
		is subject to disqualification at the discretion of the Committee.
1.
Disqualified entries will be listed at the end of the published 
		results and are not eligible for an award.
2.
Notification of Committee actions will be by email to the address 
		provided with the log submission. The entrant has five days to appeal the 
		decision to the Contest Director. After that time the decision is final.
3.
The Committee reserves the right to change the category of 
		any entry based on its examination of the log or other information.
E. Log Checking:
All logs are checked using custom software and 
		human judgment.
1.
Duplicate contacts are removed with no additional penalty.
2.
Contacts with an incorrect received exchange are removed with 
		no additional penalty.
3.
Call sign errors (bust) or call signs not in the other 
		log (NIL) are removed and receive a penalty of two times the QSO point value 
		for that contact.
XIII. DECLARATION:
By submitting a CQ WW RTTY DX Contest log, 
		and in consideration of the efforts of the CQ WW RTTY DX Contest Committee 
		to review and evaluate that log, an entrant unconditionally and irrevocably 
		agrees that he/she has: 1) read and understood the rules of the contest 
		and agree to be bound by them, 2) operated according to all rules and regulations 
		that pertain to amateur radio for the station location, 3) agreed the log 
		entry may be made open to the public, and 4) accepted that
		the issuing of disqualifications and other decisions 
		of the Committee are official and final. If an entrant is unwilling 
		or unable to agree to all of the foregoing, the entrant should not submit 
		the entry or submit the entry as a Checklog only.
Questions pertaining to the CQ WW RTTY DX Contest rules may be submitted 
		at
cqwwrtty.com/contact/
. 
		Answers for many frequently asked questions can be found at
cqwwrtty.com/rules_faq.htm
Copyright © 
2000-2026
World Wide Radio Operators Foundation, Inc.
. All Rights Reserved.
 |
Privacy Policy