CQ WPX - Rules
@media only screen and (max-width: 400px) {
            /* For mobile phones: */
            [class*="w3-bar-block w3-card-2 w3-right"] {
                min-width: 45%;
            }
        }
Other Contests:
CQ WW
CQ WPX
CQ WW RTTY
CQ WPX RTTY
CQ 160
CQ VHF
WW DIGI
CQ World Wide WPX Contest
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Home
Rules
Rules
Rules FAQ
Rules Archive
Plaques
Results
Results Articles
Final Scores SSB
Final Scores CW
Overlay Scores
Club Scores
Soapbox Comments SSB
Soapbox Comments CW
Raw Scores SSB
Raw Scores CW
Public Log Checking Reports
Entry Maps
Entry Statistics
Records
By Region
Overlay Categories
Prefix Records
New Records
New Overlay Records
Legacy Single Op By Region
Winners by Year
Highest QSO Rates
Logs
Submitting Your Log
Cabrillo Log Upload
ADIF Log Converter
Cabrillo File Format
Logs Received - SSB
Logs Received - CW
Public Logs
Resources
Resources
Club Names
Location Names
Public Log Checking Reports
REST API Reference
Contact Us
Contact Form
Organization
Blog
Blog
Archive
$( function()
	{
		$( '#nav li:has(ul)' ).doubleTapToGo();
	});
Rules
Translations
English
Български
[Bulgarian]
中文
[Chinese]
Čeština
[Czech]
Nederlandse [Dutch]
Español [Spanish]
Suomeksi [Finnish]
Français
[French]
Deutsch [German]
Έλληνες
[Greek]
日本語
[Japanese]
Română
[Romanian]
Русский
[Russian]
Slovenščina
[Slovenian]
Turk [Turkish]
Current Rules (pdf)
2026 CQ World-Wide WPX Contest
SSB: March 28-29, 2025 CW: May 30-31, 2026
Starts: 0000 UTC Saturday Ends: 2359 UTC Sunday
I. OBJECTIVE:
For amateurs worldwide to contact as many amateurs and prefixes as possible 
		during the contest period.
II. PERIOD OF OPERATION:
48 hours. Single Operator stations may operate 36 of the 48 hours –
off times must be a minimum of 60 minutes during which no QSO is logged.
Multi-operator stations may operate the full 48 hours.
III. BANDS:
Only the 1.8, 3.5, 7, 14, 21, and 28 MHz bands may be used.
Observance of 
		established band plans is strongly encouraged.
IV. EXCHANGE:
RS(T) report plus a progressive contact serial number starting with 001 for 
		the first contact. Note: Multi-Two, Multi-Unlimited, and Multi-Distributed 
		entrants use separate serial number sequences on each band.
V. SCORING:
A. Score:
The final score is the result of the total QSO points 
		multiplied by the number of different prefixes worked.
B. QSO Points:
A station may be worked once on each band for QSO 
		point credit:
1.
Contacts between stations on different continents are worth 
		three (3) points on 28, 21, and 14 MHz and six (6) points on 7, 3.5, and 
		1.8 MHz.
2.
Contacts between stations on the same continent, but different 
		countries, are worth one (1) point on 28, 21, and 14 MHz and two (2) points 
		on 7, 3.5, and 1.8 MHz. Exception: For North American stations only—contacts 
		between stations within the North American boundaries (both stations must 
		be located in North America) are worth two (2) points on 28, 21, and 14 
		MHz and four (4) points on 7, 3.5, and 1.8 MHz.
3.
Contacts between stations in the same country are worth 1 point 
		regardless of band.
C. Prefix Multipliers:
The prefix multiplier is the number of 
		valid prefixes worked. Each PREFIX is counted only once regardless of the 
		band or number of times the same prefix is worked.
1.
A PREFIX is the letter/numeral combination which forms the first part 
		of the amateur call. Examples: N8, W8, WD8, HG1, HG19, KC2, OE2, OE25, LY1000, etc. 
		Any difference in the numbering, lettering, or order of same shall count as a 
		separate prefix. In cases of portable operation, the portable designator will 
		then become the prefix. The portable prefix must be an authorized prefix of the 
		country/call area of operation. Portable designators without numbers will be 
		assigned a zero (Ø) after the second letter of the portable designator to form 
		the prefix. Example: PA/N8BJQ would become PAØ. All calls without numbers will 
		be assigned a zero (Ø) after the first two letters to form the prefix. Example: 
		XEFTJW would count as XEØ. Maritime mobile, mobile, /A, /E, /J, /P, or other 
		license class identifiers do not count as prefixes.
2.
Special event, commemorative, and other unique prefix stations 
		are encouraged to participate. Prefixes must be issued or permitted by the licensing 
		authority of the country of operation.
VI. ENTRY CATEGORIES:
Use of QSO alerting assistance is permitted in all categories with the exception 
		of the Single Operator Classic Overlay.
A. Single Operator Categories:
One person (the operator) performs 
		all operating and logging functions. There is no limit on band changes. 
		Only one transmitted signal is permitted at any time.
1. Single Operator High Power (All Band or Single Band):
Total 
		output power must not exceed
1500 watts.
2. Single Operator Low Power (All Band or Single Band):
Total 
		output power must not exceed
100 watts.
3. Single Operator QRP (All Band or Single Band):
Total 
		output power must not exceed
5 watts.
B. Single Operator Overlay Categories:
Any Single Operator entrant 
		who meets the requirements may ALSO enter one of the categories shown below 
		by adding the appropriate CATEGORY-OVERLAY line in the Cabrillo log file 
		header. Overlay category entries will be listed separately in the results, 
		scored as All Bands, and grouped by High Power and Low Power (includes QRP).
1. Tribander/Single Element (TB-WIRES):
During the contest an entrant shall use only one (1) tribander (any 
		type, with a single feed line from the transmitter to the antenna) for 10, 
		15, and 20 meters and single-element antennas on 40, 80, and 160 meters. Separate 
		receiving antennas are not permitted in this category.
2. Rookie (ROOKIE):
To enter this category 
		the operator must have been licensed as a radio amateur three (3) years 
		or less on the date of the contest. The date the operator was first licensed
must
be 
		indicated in the SOAPBOX field. Previous Rookie winners are not eligible for plaques 
		in this category.
3. Classic Operator (CLASSIC):
The entrant will 
		use only one radio and may operate up to 24 of the 48 hours – off times are a 
		minimum of 60 minutes during which no QSO is logged. If the log shows more than 
		24 hours of operation, only the first 24 hours will be counted for the overlay score. 
		Use of QSO alerting assistance of any kind is prohibited (see rule IX.B) for the 
		duration of contest. Receiving while transmitting is also prohibited.
4. Youth (YOUTH):
The operator was 25 years old or younger at the 
		start of the contest. Indicate the birth date in the SOAPBOX field.
C. Multi-Operator Categories (All Band only):
More than one person 
		can contribute to the final score during the official contest period. Select 
		category based on number of transmitted signals or number of locations
1. Single-Transmitter (MULTI-ONE):
Only one transmitted signal 
		is permitted at any time. A maximum of ten (10) band changes may be made 
		in any clock hour (00 through 59 minutes). For example, a change from 20 
		meters to 40 meters and then back to 20 meters counts as two band changes. 
		Use a single serial number sequence for the entire log.
a. High Power.
Total output power of 
		each transmitted signal must not exceed
1500 watts
.
b. Low Power.
Total output power of 
		each transmitted signal must not exceed
100 watts
.
2. Two-Transmitter (MULTI-TWO):
A maximum of two transmitted signals 
		is permitted at any time on two different bands. Both transmitters may work 
		any station. A station may only be worked once per band regardless of which 
		transmitter is used.
The log must indicate which transmitter made each 
		QSO
(column 81 of CABRILLO QSO template for CQ contests). Each transmitter 
		may make a maximum of eight (8) band changes in any clock hour (00 through 
		59 minutes). Use a separate serial number sequence for each band. Total 
		output power of each transmitted signal must not exceed
1500 watts.
3. Multi-Transmitter (MULTI-UNLIMITED):
A maximum of six transmitted 
		signals, one per band, at any one time. Six bands may be activated simultaneously. 
		Use a separate serial number sequence for each band. Total output power 
		of each transmitted signal must not exceed
1500 watts.
4. Multi-Transmitter Distributed (MULTI-DISTRIBUTED):
A maximum of six 
		transmitted signals, one per band at any one time, from stations in different 
		locations.  All equipment (transmitters, receivers, amplifiers, antennas, etc.) 
		must be located in same DXCC entity and CQ Zone, including remotely controlled 
		equipment.  Six bands may be activated simultaneously.  Use a separate serial 
		number sequence for each band. Total output power of each transmitted signal 
		must not exceed
1500 watts
.  The Cabrillo log header must include the following 
		lines: CATEGORY-OPERATOR: MULTI-OP, CATEGORY-STATION: DISTRIBUTED.  Rules 
		X.E and X.F do not apply to this category.
D. Checklog:
Entry submitted to assist with the log checking. The entry will 
		not have a score in the results and the log will not be made public.
VII. AWARDS:
A single-band log will be eligible for a single-band 
		award only.
A. Plaques
are awarded to recognize top performance in a number 
		of categories. View the current list of plaques and sponsors at 
		<
www.cqwpx.com/plaques/
>.
Only one plaque will be awarded per entry. A station winning a World 
		plaque will not be considered for a sub-area award. That award will be given 
		to the runner-up for that area if the number of entries justifies the award.
B. Certificates:
Electronic certificates will be made available 
		for download for everyone that submits an on-time entry.
VIII. CLUB COMPETITION:
The club score is the total aggregate score from logs submitted by members. 
		There are two separate club competition categories.
A. USA Clubs:
Participation is limited to club members residing within 
		a 250 mile radius circle from the center of club area.
B. DX Clubs:
Participation is limited to club members residing within 
		EITHER the DXCC country where the club is located OR within a 400 km radius circle 
		from the center of the club.
C. General Club Rules:
National organizations (e.g., JARL, REF or DARC) are not eligible 
			for the club competition.
Single-operator entries may only contribute to one club. Multi-operator 
			scores may be allocated to multiple clubs as a percentage of the number 
			of club members participating in the operation. The log entry must spell 
			out the full club name (and club allocations if multi-op).
A minimum of four logs must be received for a club to be listed 
			in the results. Checklog entries are not counted for the club score.
The word “reside” shall be defined as: To dwell permanently or 
			continuously or to occupy a place as a person's fixed, 
			permanent, and principal home for legal purposes.
Eligible club members may contribute their DXpedition scores to 
			their organization’s club entry.
IX. DEFINITIONS OF TERMS:
A. Station location:
The area in which all the transmitters, receivers, 
		amplifiers and antennas are located. All transmitters, receivers and amplifiers must 
		be within a single 500-meter diameter circle. Antennas must be physically connected 
		by RF transmission lines to the transmitters, receivers and amplifiers.
B. QSO finding assistance:
The use of any technology or other 
		source that provides call sign or multiplier identification of a signal 
		to the operator. This includes, but is not limited to, use of a CW decoder, 
		DX cluster, DX spotting web sites (e.g., DX Summit), local or remote call 
		sign and frequency decoding technology (e.g., CW Skimmer or Reverse Beacon 
		Network), or operating arrangements involving other individuals.
X. GENERAL RULES FOR ALL ENTRANTS:
A.
Entrants must operate within the limits of their chosen category 
		when performing any activity that could affect their submitted score.
B.
A different callsign must be used for each entry. Only the 
		entrant’s callsign may be used to aid the entrant’s score.
C.
Do not exceed the total output power limitation of the chosen 
		category on any band. Total output power on any band at any time is measured 
		at the final output of the active amplifier(s).
D.
Self-spotting or asking to be spotted is not permitted.
E.
All operation must take place from one station location. Remote 
		operation is permitted if the physical location of all transmitters, receivers, 
		and antennas are at one station location. A remotely operated station must 
		obey all station license, operator license, and category limitations. The 
		call sign used must be one issued or permitted by the Regulatory Authority 
		of the station location.
F.
Remote receivers outside the station location are not permitted.
G.
Only one signal on a band is allowed at any time.
H.
Alternating CQs 
		on two or more frequencies on a band is not permitted.
I.
All requests for contacts, responses to calls, and copying 
		of call signs and contest exchanges must be accomplished during the contest 
		period using the mode and frequencies of the contest.
J.
Correction of logged call signs and exchanges after the contest 
		by using any database, recordings, email or other methods of confirming 
		QSOs is not allowed.
K.
Call signs logged must be the same as those exchanged over 
		the air by the entrants during the QSO.
L.
For ITU Region 1 stations: transmitting on the 40m band, above 
		7200 KHz during the SSB (phone) contest weekend is not permitted.
M.
For ITU Region 1 stations: transmitting below 1810 KHz during the 
		contest weekends is not permitted.
N.
A human operator must initiate the following actions at all times: 1) 
		changing receive or transmit frequencies, 2) calling a QSO partner, 3) logging a 
		QSO. Autonomous systems or robots that emulate these actions are prohibited.
XI. LOG INSTRUCTIONS:
Electronic submission of logs is
required
for all entrants.
A. The log MUST show the following for each contact:
correct date 
		and time in UTC, frequency (or band), call sign of the station worked, exchange 
		sent, and exchange received. A log without all required information may 
		be reclassified to Checklog. Contacts should be logged immediately as they 
		are completed. Stations competing for World, Continent, and USA awards must 
		provide accurate frequencies for all contacts in the log.
B. Single band entrants are required to include all contacts
made 
		during the contest period, even if on other bands. Only contacts made on 
		the band specified in the Cabrillo header will be considered 
		for scoring purposes. Logs with contacts only on one band will be classified 
		as single band entries.
C. The CABRILLO file format is the standard for logs.
See www.cqwpx.com/cabrillo.htm 
		for detailed instructions on filling out the CABRILLO file header. Failure 
		to fill out the header correctly may result in the entry being placed in 
		the wrong category or reclassified as a Checklog. Note: U.S. stations must 
		indicate the station location in the CABRILLO header (e.g., LOCATION: OH).
D. Web upload is the only method of log submission.
Web upload of logs is available at <
www.cqwpx.com/logcheck/
>. All logs received will be confirmed via e-mail. A listing of 
		logs received can be found at <
www.cqwpx.com.
>
E. Instructions for NON-CABRILLO electronic logs:
If you are not 
		able to submit a CABRILLO format log, please contact the Contest Director 
		for assistance with submitting another format.
F. Entry Confirmation:
All logs received will be confirmed via 
		e-mail. A listing of logs received can be found at <
www.cqwpx.com.
>.
G. Log withdrawal:
An entrant may withdraw the submitted log for 
		any reason within 30 days of the log deadline. Contact the Contest Director 
		for instructions.
XII. LOG DEADLINE:
A.
All entries must be submitted WITHIN 48 HOURS after the end of the 
		contest: SSB logs no later than 2359 UTC 31 March 2026, 
		CW logs no later than 2359 UTC 2 June 2026. Resubmitting an entry after the 
		deadline will result in it being considered as a late log.
B.
An extension may be requested by e-mail to <
director@cqwpx.com
>. The request 
		must state a legitimate reason and must be received before the log deadline. 
		Extensions are granted only upon confirmation by the Contest Director.
C.
Logs submitted after the deadline may be listed in 
		the results but are not eligible for awards.
XIII. JUDGING:
The CQ WPX Contest Committee is responsible for checking 
		and adjudicating the contest entries. Entrants are expected to follow the 
		rules and best amateur radio practices. Violation of the rules of the contest 
		or unsportsmanlike conduct may lead to disciplinary action by the Committee.
A. Unsportsmanlike Conduct:
Examples of unsportsmanlike conduct include, 
		but are not limited to:
ARRANGING or CONFIRMING any contacts during the contest by use of 
			ANY non-amateur radio means such as telephones, Internet, instant messaging, 
			chat rooms, VoIP, social media or web sites.
Transmissions by the entrant on frequencies outside of license limitations.
Changing times in the log to meet band change or off time rules.
Taking credit for excessive unverifiable QSOs or unverifiable multipliers.
Signals with excessive bandwidth (e.g., splatter, clicks) or harmonics 
			on other bands.
Running stations making more than 3 contacts without sending their 
			callsign.
B. Disciplinary Actions:
In the event of a violation, the entrant is 
		subject to disqualification at the discretion of the Committee.
DISQUALIFICATION: Entry will be listed at the end of the published 
			results and is not eligible for an award.
Notification of Committee actions will be sent by email to the address 
			provided with the log submission. The entrant has five days to appeal 
			the decision to the Contest Director. After that time the decision is 
			final.
An entrant may withdraw the submitted log for any reason within 
			30 days of the log deadline. Contact the Contest Director for instructions.
The Committee reserves the right to change the category of any entry 
			based on its examination of the log or other information.
C. Log Checking:
All logs are checked using custom software and human 
		judgment.
Duplicate contacts are removed with no additional penalty.
Contacts with an incorrectly received exchange are removed with no 
		additional penalty.
Call sign errors or call signs not found in the other log are removed 
		and receive a penalty of two times the QSO point value for that contact.
Contacts that do not meet the band change rules for multi-operator 
		entries are removed with no additional penalty.
D. Station Information:
Entrants must agree to supply the following information 
		upon request of the Contest Committee:
Details and photographs of their station equipment, antennas, amplifiers, 
		switching systems, etc.
XIV. DECLARATION:
By submitting a CQ WPX Contest log, and in consideration of the efforts 
		of the CQ WPX Contest Committee to review and evaluate that log, an entrant 
		unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that he/she has: 1) read and understood 
		the rules of the contest and agrees to be bound by them, 2) operated according 
		to all rules and regulations that pertain to amateur radio for the station 
		location, 3) agreed the log entry may be made open to the public, and 4) 
		accepted that the issuing of disqualifications and other decisions of the 
		Committee are official and final. If an entrant is unwilling or unable to 
		agree to all of the foregoing, the entrant should not submit the entry or 
		submit the entry as a Checklog only.
Questions pertaining to the CQ WPX Contest may be emailed to the CQ WPX 
		Contest Director <
director@cqwpx.com
>.
Copyright © 
2000-2026
World Wide Radio Operators Foundation, Inc.
. All Rights Reserved.
window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'G-J2GTCJFFRC');