CQ WPX RTTY - Rules
@media only screen and (max-width: 400px) {
            /* For mobile phones: */
            [class*="w3-bar-block w3-card-2 w3-right"] {
                min-width: 45%;
            }
        }
Other Contests:
CQ WW
CQ WPX
CQ WW RTTY
CQ WPX RTTY
CQ 160
CQ VHF
WW DIGI
CQ WPX RTTY Contest
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Home
Rules
Rules Archive
Plaques
Results
Results
Scores
Overlay Scores
Club Scores
Soapbox Comments
Raw Scores
Entry Stats
Records
By Region
New Records
New Overlay Records
Highest QSO Rates
Logs
Submitting Your Log
*Cabrillo Log Upload
ADIF Log Converter
Cabrillo File Format
Notes for MixW Users
Logs Received
Public Logs
Resources
Location Names
Club Names
REST API Reference
Contact Us
Contact Form
Organization
$(function() {
  if ($.fn.doubleTapToGo) {
    $('#nav li:has(ul)').doubleTapToGo();
  }
});
Rules
Translations (pdf)
English
Archive
Rules from previous years
The 2026 CQ World-Wide WPX RTTY Contest
February 14-15, 2026
Starts: 0000 UTC Saturday    Ends: 2359 UTC Sunday
I. OBJECTIVE:
For amateurs world wide to contact as many amateurs 
		and prefixes as possible during the period of operation.
II. PERIOD OF OPERATION:
48 hours. Single Operator stations may 
		operate 30 of the 48 hours –
off times must be a minimum of 60 
		minutes during which no QSO is logged.
Multi-operator stations may operate 
		the full 48 hours.
III. BANDS:
Only the 3.5, 7, 14, 21, and 28 MHz bands may be used.
Observance of established band plans is strongly encouraged.
IV. EXCHANGE:
RST report plus a progressive contact serial 
		number starting with 001 for the first contact. Note: Multi-Two, Multi-Unlimited 
		and Multi-Distributed entrants use separate serial number sequences on each band.
V. SCORING:
A. Score:
The final score is the result 
		of the total QSO points multiplied by the number of different prefixes worked.
B. QSO Points.
A station may be worked 
		once on each band for QSO point credit:
1.
Contacts between stations on different 
		continents are worth three (3) points on 28, 21, and 14 MHz and six (6) 
		points on 7 and 3.5 MHz.
2.
Contacts between stations on the 
		same continent, but different countries, are worth two (2) points on 28, 
		21, and 14 MHz and four (4) points on 7 and 3.5 MHz.
3.
Contacts between stations in the 
		same country are worth 1 point on 28, 21, and 14 MHz and two (2) points 
		on 7 and 3.5 MHz.
C. Prefix Multipliers:
The prefix multiplier 
		is the number of valid prefixes worked. Each PREFIX is counted only once 
		regardless of the band or number of times the same prefix is worked.
1.
A PREFIX is the letter/numeral combination 
		which forms the first part of the amateur call. Examples: N8, W8, WD8, HG1, 
		HG19, KC2, OE2, OE25, LY1000, etc. Any difference in the numbering, lettering, 
		or order of same shall count as a separate prefix. In cases of portable operation, the portable 
		designator will then become the prefix. The portable prefix must be an authorized prefix of the 
		country/call area of operation. Portable designators without numbers 
		will be assigned a zero (0) after the second letter of the portable designator 
		to form the prefix. Example: PA/N8BJQ would become PA0. All calls without numbers 
		will be assigned a zero (0) after the first two letters to form the prefix. 
		Example: XEFTJW would count as XE0. Maritime mobile, mobile, /A, /E, /J, /P, or 
		other license class identifiers do not count as prefixes.
2.
Special event, commemorative, and 
		other unique prefix stations are encouraged to participate. Prefixes must 
		be assigned by the licensing authority of the country of operation.
VI. ENTRY CATEGORIES:
Use of QSO alerting assistance is permitted in all categories with the exception
		of the Single Operator Classic Overlay.
A. Single Operator Categories:
One person 
		(the operator) performs all operating and logging functions.  There is no limit 
		on band changes. Only one transmitted signal is permitted at any time.
1. Single Operator High Power (All Band or Single 
		Band):
Total output power must not exceed
1500 watts.
2. Single Operator Low Power (All Band or Single 
		Band):
Total output power must not exceed
100 watts.
3. Single Operator QRP (All Band or Single 
		Band):
Total output power must not exceed
5 watts.
B. Single Operator Overlay Categories:
Any Single Operator entrant may ALSO enter one of the categories shown below by 
		adding the appropriate CATEGORY-OVERLAY line in the Cabrillo log file header. 
		Overlay entries will be listed separately in the results, scored as All Bands, 
		and grouped by High Power and Low Power (includes QRP).
1. Tribander/Single Element (TB-WIRES):
During the contest an entrant shall use only one (1) tribander (any type, 
		with a single feed line from the transmitter to the antenna) for 10, 15, 
		and 20 meters and single-element antennas on 40 and 80 meters.
2. Rookie (ROOKIE):
To enter this category 
		the operator must have been licensed as a radio amateur three (3) years 
		or less on the date of the contest. The date the operator was first licensed
must
be indicated in the SOAPBOX field. Previous Rookie winners are not elegible for plaques in this category.
3. Classic Operator (CLASSIC):
The entrant will 
		use only one radio and may operate up to 24 of the 48 hours -
off times are a 
		minimum of 60 minutes during which no QSO is logged.
If the log shows more 
		than 24 hours of operation, only the first 24 hours will be counted for the 
		overlay score. Use of QSO alerting assistance of any kind is prohibited (see 
		rule IX.B.) for the duration of contest. Receiving while transmitting is also 
		prohibited.
4. Youth (YOUTH):
The operator was 25 years old or 
		younger at the start of the contest. Indicate the birth date in the SOAPBOX field.
C. Multi-Operator Categories (All Band only):
More than one person can contribute to the final score during the official 
		contest period. Select category based on number of transmitted signals or 
		number of locations.
1. Single-Transmitter (MULTI-ONE):
Only one transmitted signal is permitted at any time. A maximum of ten (10) 
		band changes may be made in any clock hour (00 through 59 minutes). For 
		example, a change from 20 meters to 40 meters and then back to 20 meters 
		counts as two band changes. Use a single serial number sequence for the 
		entire log.
a. High Power:
Total output power of 
		each transmitted signal must not exceed
1500 watts
.
b. Low Power:
Total output power of 
		each transmitted signal must not exceed
100 watts
.
2. Two-Transmitter (MULTI-TWO):
A maximum 
		of two transmitted signals is permitted at any time on two different bands. 
		Both transmitters may work any station. A station may only be worked once 
		per band regardless of which transmitter is used.
The log must indicate 
		which transmitter made each QSO
(column 81 of CABRILLO QSO template 
		for CQ contests). Each transmitter may make a maximum of eight (8) band 
		changes in any clock hour (00 through 59 minutes). Use a separate serial 
		number sequence for each band. Total output power of each transmitted signal 
		must not exceed
1500 watts.
3. Multi-Transmitter (MULTI-UNLIMITED):
A maximum of five transmitted signals, one per band, at any one time. Five 
		bands may be activated simultaneously. Use a separate serial number sequence 
		for each band. Total output power of each transmitted signal must not exceed
1500 watts.
4. Multi-Transmitter Distributed (MULTI-DISTRIBUTED):
A maximum of five transmitted signals, one per band, at any one time from 
		stations in different locations. All equipment (transmitters, receivers, 
		amplifiers, antennas, etc.) must be located in the same DXCC entity and CQ Zone,
		including remotely controlled equipment. Five bands may be activated simultaneously. 
		Use a separate serial number sequence for each band. Total output power of each 
		transmitted signal must not exceed
1500 watts.
The Cabrillo log header 
		must incled the following lines: CATEGORY-OPERATOR: MULTI-OP, CATEGORY-OPERATOR
		STATION: DISTRIBUTED. RULES X.E, X.F and X.G do not apply to this category.
D. Checklog:
Entry submitted to assist 
		with the log checking. The entry will not have a score in the results and 
		the log will not be made public.
VII. AWARDS:
A single-band log will be eligible for a single-band 
		award only.
A. Plaques
are awarded to recognize top 
		performance in a number of categories. View the current list of plaques and 
		sponsors at <
www.cqwpxrtty.com/plaques.htm
>. 
		Only one plaque will be awarded per entry. A station winning a plaque will 
		not be considered for a sub-area award. That award will be awarded to the 
		runner-up in that area if the number of entries justifies the award.
B. Certificates:
Electronic certificates 
		will be made available for download for everyone that submits an on-time entry.
VIII. CLUB COMPETITION:
The club score is the total aggregate score from logs submitted by members. 
		There are two separate club competition categories.
A.
USA Clubs:
Participation is 
		limited to club members residing within a 250 mile radius circle from the center 
		of club area.
B. DX Clubs:
Participation is limited 
		to club members residing within EITHER the DXCC country where the club is located 
		OR within a 400 km radius circle from the center of club area.
C. General club rules:
1.
National organizations (e.g., JARL, 
		REF or DARC) are not eligible for the club competition.
2.
Single-operator entries may only 
		contribute to one club. Multi-operator scores may be allocated to multiple 
		clubs as a percentage of the number of club members participating in the 
		operation. The log entry must spell out the full club name (and club allocations 
		if multi-op).
3.
A minimum of four logs must be received 
		for a club to be listed in the results. Checklog entries are not counted 
		for the club score.
4.
The word "reside" shall b e defined as: 
		To dwell permanently or continuously or to occupy a place as a person's fixed, 
		and principal home for legal purposes.
5.
Eligible club members may contribute their 
		DXpedition scores to their organization's club entry.
IX. DEFINITIONS OF TERMS:
A. Station location:
The area in which 
		all transmitters, receivers and antennas are located. All transmitters and 
		receivers must be within a single 500-meter diameter circle. Antennas must 
		be physically connected by RF transmission lines to the transmitters, 
		receivers and amplifiers.
B. QSO finding assistance:
The use 
		of any technology or other source that provides call sign or multiplier 
		identification of a signal to the operator, other than a single-channel 
		RTTY decoder. This includes, but is not limited to, use of a wide-band multi-channel 
		RTTY decoder, DX cluster, DX spotting web sites (e.g., DX Summit), local 
		or remote call sign and frequency decoding technology (e.g., RTTY Skimmer 
		or Reverse Beacon Network), or operating arrangements involving other individuals.
X. GENERAL RULES FOR ALL ENTRANTS:
A.
Entrants must operate within the 
		limits of their chosen category when performing any activity that could 
		affect their submitted score.
B.
A different callsign must be used 
		for each entry. Only the entrant’s callsign may be used to aid the 
		entrant’s score.
C.
Do not exceed the total output power 
		limitation of the chosen category on any band. Total output power on any 
		band at any time is measured at the output of the active amplifier(s).
D.
Self-spotting or asking to be spotted 
		is not permitted.
E.
All operation must take place from one 
		station location. Remote operation is permitted if the physical location of 
		all transmitters, receivers, and antennas are at one station location. 
		A remotely operated station must obey all station license, operator license, 
		and category limitations. The call sign used must be one issued or permitted 
		by the Regulatory Authority of the station location.
F.
Remote receivers outside the station 
		location are not permitted.
G.
Only one signal on a band is allowed 
		at any time.
H.
Alternating CQs on two or more frequencies 
		on a band is not permitted.
I.
All requests for contacts, responses 
		to calls, and copying of call signs and contest exchanges must be accomplished 
		during the contest period using the mode and frequencies of the contest.
J.
Correction of logged call signs and 
		exchanges after the contest by using any database, recordings, email or 
		other methods of confirming QSOs is not allowed.
K.
Call signs logged must be the same 
		as those exchanged over the air by the entrants during the QSO.
L.
Only RTTY (45.45 Baud, 170 Hz) is 
		permitted.
M.
A human operator must initiate the following 
		actions at all times: 1) changing receive or transmit frequencies, 2) calling a QSO 
		partner, 3) logging a QSO. Autonomous systems or robots that emulate these actions 
		are prohibited.
XI. LOG INSTRUCTIONS:
Electronic submission of logs is
required
for all entrants.
A. The log MUST show the following for each 
		contact:
correct date and time in UTC, frequency (or band), call sign 
		of the station worked, exchange sent, and exchange received. A log without 
		all required information may be reclassified to Checklog. Contacts should 
		be logged immediately as they are completed. Stations competing for World 
		and Continent awards should provide accurate frequencies for all contacts 
		in the log.
B. Single band entrants are required to 
		include all contacts
made during the contest period, even if on other 
		bands. Only contacts made on the band specified in the Cabrillo header will 
		be considered for scoring purposes. Logs with contacts only on one band will 
		be classified as single band entries.
C. The CABRILLO file format is the standard 
		for logs.
See <
www.cqwpxrtty.com/logs.htm
> 
		for detailed instructions on filling out the CABRILLO file header. Failure 
		to fill out the header correctly may result in the entry being placed in 
		the wrong category or reclassified as a Checklog. Note: U.S. stations must 
		indicate the station location in the CABRILLO header (e.g., LOCATION: OH). 
		See rule VI.C.4 for instructions on the CABRILLO header for the Multi-Transmitter 
		Distributed category.
D. Web upload is the only method of 
		log submission.
Web upload of logs is available at 
		<
www.cqwpxrtty.com/logcheck
/>. 
		All logs received will be confirmed via e-mail. A listing of logs received can be found at 
		<
www.cqwpxrtty.com
/>.
E. Instructions for NON-CABRILLO electronic 
		logs:
If you are not able to submit a CABRILLO format log, please contact 
		the Contest Director for assistance with submitting another format.
F. Entry confirmation:
All logs received 
		will be confirmed via e-mail. A listing of logs received can be found at 
		<
www.cqwpxrtty.com/logs_received
>.
XII. LOG DEADLINE:
A.
All entries must be submitted WITHIN 48 HOURS after the end 
		of the contest: no later than 2359 UTC 17 February 2026. Resubmitting an entry after the deadline 
		will result in it being considered as a late log.
B.
An extension may be requested by 
		e-mail to <
questions@cqwpxrtty.com
>. 
		The request must state a legitimate reason and must be received before the 
		log deadline. Extensions are granted only upon confirmation by the Contest 
		Director.
C.
Logs submitted after the deadline may be 
		listed in the results, but are not eligible for awards.
XIII. JUDGING:
The CQ WPX RTTY Contest Committee is responsible 
		for checking and adjudicating the contest entries. Entrants are expected 
		to follow the rules and best amateur radio practices. Violation of the rules 
		of the contest or unsportsmanlike conduct may lead to disciplinary action 
		by the Committee.
A. Unsportsmanlike Conduct:
Examples 
		of unsportsmanlike conduct include, but are not limited to:
1. ARRANGING or CONFIRMING any contacts during 
		the contest by use of ANY non-amateur radio means such as telephones, Internet, 
		instant messaging, chat rooms, VoIP, social media or web sites.
2. Transmissions by the entrant on frequencies 
		outside of license limitations.
3. Changing times in the log to meet band 
		change or off time rules.
4. Taking credit for excessive unverifiable 
		QSOs or unverifiable multipliers.
5. Signals with excessive bandwidth or harmonics 
		on other bands.
6. Running stations making more than 3 contacts 
		without sending their callsign.
B. Disciplinary Actions:
In the event 
		of a violation, the entrant is subject to disqualification at the discretion 
		of the Committee.
1. Disqualified entries will be listed at 
		the end of the published results and is not eligible for an award.
2. Notification of Committee actions will 
		be sent by email to the address provided with the log submission. The entrant 
		has five days to appeal the decision to the Contest Director. After that 
		time the decision is final.
3. An entrant may withdraw the submitted log 
		for any reason within 30 days of the log deadline. Contact the Contest Director 
		for instructions.
4. The Committee reserves the right to change 
		the category of any entry based on its examination of the log or other information.
C. Log Checking:
All logs are checked 
		using custom software and human judgment.
1. Duplicate contacts are removed with no 
		additional penalty.
2. Contacts with an incorrectly received exchange 
		are removed with no additional penalty.
3. Call sign errors or call signs not found 
		in the other log are removed and receive an additional penalty of the QSO 
		point value for that contact.
4. Contacts that do not meet the band change 
		rules for multi-operator entries are removed with no additional penalty.
D. Station Information:
Entrants must agree 
		to supply the following information upon request of the Contest Committee:
1. Details and photographs of their station equipment, 
		antennas, amplifiers switching systems, etc.
XIV. DECLARATION:
By submitting a CQ WPX RTTY Contest log, and in consideration of the 
		efforts of the CQ WPX RTTY Contest Committee to review and evaluate that 
		log, an entrant unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that he/she has: 
		1) read and understood the rules of the contest and agrees to be bound by 
		them, 2) operated according to all rules and regulations that pertain to 
		amateur radio for the station location, 3) agreed the log entry may be made 
		open to the public, and 4) accepted that the issuing of disqualifications 
		and other decisions of the Committee are official and final. If an entrant 
		is unwilling or unable to agree to all of the foregoing, the entrant should 
		not submit the entry or submit the entry as a Checklog only.
Questions pertaining to the CQ WPX RTTY Contest rules may be submitted 
		by Email to
director@cqwpxrtty.com
.
Copyright © 
2005-2026
World Wide Radio Operators Foundation, Inc.
. All Rights Reserved.
window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'G-NRK8SXX8FM');